Xiaoya, what's his name?
His name is Xiaonuo
It's the age of fun
Got this disease
Xiaoya
I will bear all the costs of treating Xiaonuo
The three of us will be happy in the future
Xiaoya, who is he?
I'm sorry, Wang Yang.
I'm getting married.
Are you crazy?
Didn't you promise to be with me?
Yu Feng is back
Only he can take care of us like this
If you say get married, get married.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Mom, what's wrong?
It's okay Xiaonuo
Why don't you go to bed first?
Wang Yang, let's go out and talk
It's alright, Xiaonuo is alright
It's useless to say anything now
Wang Yang, I'm about to get married
If you can forgive me
I hope you can come to our wedding
Forgive me and I will never forgive you in my life